and
you
if there's a land of the Barbie it has
to be the great wide open of Australia
and here just outside Sydney they're all
at it just after the war people arrived
in their masses from all over the globe
and their cooking heritage created a
multi cultural melting pot of flavors
just look at this
it's fun and games for everyone here at
bronte beach where people cook a
coin-operated public barbecues to knock
up sizzling grub the reflex cosmopolitan
Australia just put some salt on top of
this and only stop and get up yeah a
little bit earlier let me shoot this
finish love it oh now what did you come
to any come and put a lot here is our
first oh no both are conservative
barbecue
it does not have to be meat and you
vegetarians are in for something extra
special my barbecued vegetable loaf and
boy does it taste good first I want you
to get a nice large glass bowl and then
some olive oil a bit of a chance for you
get your extra virgin air via that I
mean there you go and pour that in there
look at that quite a bit of it quite a
bit of that oil all the way into your
bowl there then I want you to get a nice
handful of basil chopped that up and the
same with the parsley you go all that
goes inside there three or four cloves
of garlic just chop those out and flow
those in quite a bit of salt and of
course some pepper to look at those
lovely nuggets of pepper and this is the
fun part get your fingers in there and
give that a bit of a swirly swirl that
around oh the flavor oh then I want you
to take your vegetables in here I've got
red peppers yellow peppers and courgette
just take those and pop them inside your
marinade and then swirl those around
really get your fingers in there Oh
lovely get those shoulders work it
inside those cause it before there you
go then lift them up and pop them onto
your barbie now don't forget you're
doing a Barbie doesn't have to be like
this one of the electric Barbies you can
do it on your barbecue at home make sure
though you have nice medium cold you
don't it too hot and why's all the
little bits of oil that drip off the air
will fire up and then we'll burn your
veggies don't worth it now you take your
over jeans there they'd even notice
ionic soaked in my Marin arcs they love
to soak up the oil so what you want to
do is just brush them through and then
slap them straight on to your barbie
there they go oh just look at that and
that lovely gorgeous now for my red
onions not sliced too thickly but also
no oil on them straight onto your Barbie
dry and let them get that lovely sort of
caramelization going there they are
beautiful onions all the way around
delightful you just let that all sort of
sizzle down
now on to my braids because that's where
it all goes into and that's the whole
point of this now what are you going to
do just slice off the top of that you
can see the way I've done that and then
inside I've run my knife just around the
rim there and then you get your fingers
in and have a good old claw session
that's it really pull that around they
don't be frightened to really tear into
there because this is a nice firm cob
you know you want a nice rustic loaf I
said really get in there take all of
that out and don't forget all these
pieces of bread here the chunky bits you
can just chop those up and throw them
onto the barbie and that could be used
as I croutons to go on top of a salad or
something so nothing goes to waste you
may even want the soaking with a bit of
the old Mariners first that's nice now
I'm gonna take the rest of the Marin are
they all that oil and everything to
really spread that all the way around so
it's just kind of soaks up into the
bread into that Cobb there now some tap
a knife go to your supermarkets ask for
tap inada can be green or it could be
the black olive that they've used and
you just take that and then spread that
really give that a good old spread
they're just using the body they're just
moving a little bit have to have your
favorite music out there in the garden
do do do this spreading around that's it
isn't that lovely absolutely beautiful
make sure it's well coated there that's
it let's turn over our vegetables oh
that's beautiful
ok now I'm going to take nice peppery
rocket again on the vegetable shell from
the supermarket there you get that
lovely rocket just lay that inside on
the bottom there that's it all of that
goes in there now you're gonna get those
all disease that's it and pop those on
top now look over here I've got some
mozzarella cheese just lay it down here
isn't that beautiful it's all building
up now begin to understand all those
lovely flavors going on there red
peppers going on top look at the color
of them it's listening up and the Sun
delightful and the yellow peppers they
go on top they're lovely shoes to them
they're the red onions go on top and of
course the cause it's just lie the
courgettes on top of that again and look
can imagine when you cut into that all
the different contrast of flavors the
old regime the red peppers the yellow
peppers of course the courgettes and the
onions all layered beautifully and we're
going to finish it off with a drizzle of
the old extra virgin there you go spread
with a bit more of the tappan art on top
like that that's it and then pop the lid
on top then you take your whole loaf you
wrap it all in clean and really give
that a good rep take a wooden board
place that on top and a couple of those
cans of every whatever you've got in
your ladder place those on top set
compresses down and spreads and
distributes all those wonderful flavors
and 24 hours later boy are you in for a
exceptional treat
well that's got the old taste buds
getting for their authentic taste of
Australia you have to Trek deep into the
scorchingly hot dust ball of the outback
breathtaking isn't it mount connor one
of the most sacred site of the
Aborigines do you know this is the
oldest living culture and one and for a
taste of their traditional bush tucker
my guy signs his picture of a gourmet of
native ostrov how vic is so hot it's
such a hostile environment here have how
do people survive what they eat well you
just have to know what to eat I mean
there is a lot around and then different
seasons there's different foods there's
plum bushes around there's Kwan dong
just down there which is a beautiful
desert peach which tomorrow so is it is
fabulous late at night you'll in the
dusk you'll find the kangaroos hopping
through here there's snakes and lizards
speaks it listen I saw so they gotta
roll up the tree via the snakes around
here can climb trees now you gotta go
chase him grab him hit him over the head
they taste really nice it sort of tastes
like the brown meat of chicken here we
go that's about the case I was expecting
an open fire Billy canned and cam
problems for tips on how to barbecue
kangaroo which incidentally is bouncing
its way onto British menus at first it
was cooked the aboriginal way a whole
ruse sins and then buried deep into the
earth
what's your shoes that is a hot fire
it's gonna be at around 700 degrees
luckily though it cools down fairly
quickly left overnight for it was ready
to taste nice and rare tender nice and
tender 20 that it's brilliant meal fit
for a king mmm hey I'm gonna show you a
great way of cooking kangaroo now with
paper bark it's a swamp tree you peel
the outer layer and that you can wrap
chicken fish but we're going to wrap a
kangaroo steak the first thing uses
kangaroo meat it's as lean as can be
high protein low fat this is going to go
into an oiled camp oven just to sear off
and we'll just turn it to see this both
sides and it seals in the juices alright
we now need a piece of paper bark stead
of using paper I could probably wrap in
vine leaves or something some foil or
cabbage leaves and then fall on the
outside okay that kangaroos done onto
the paper bark and we simply tie it up
as a parcel the idea is to keep the
paper bark a little bit moist so that we
can actually bend it and it doesn't
break and there's the parcel and then
all that happens there is goes into the
camp oven and the idea is to really
blacken the sides the camp opens nice
and hot check that out no lovely so
that's in we're now going to do a sauce
with it I've already prepared some stock
some port a little bit of vinegar and
that's just going onto the fire to
reduce and in there we will be adding
some condom kwan dong is a native peach
you can use apricot or peaches of
substitute if you want but you get your
poor and stuff like that from out there
you'd bring it with you and then just in
keeping with our east meets west
tradition we'll put in a little bit of
ginger all right we'll just leave that
cook a little while just here cooking
the side
fire a real special treat have a sausage
that's not a sausage Vic how you're
right it's a witchetty grub it's a real
delicacy of the Aborigines they ate it
all around the country even use it to
win their children what do you think hmm
quite some nutmeg II really a very rich
actually high protein high fat they're
really good for you very interesting and
we can even use these to garnish the
dish as it comes together what did he go
move it there Johnny cakes made with
just flour powdered milk a little bit of
salt and water mix it up into a soft
dough and we've added a couple of Bush
flavors first off this is lemon myrtle
look at the color of that beautiful
green herb is one of the native herbs
that you're now reaching the world as a
brand new flavor smells great tastes
like lemon lime and lemon grass that
just gets mixed in and we're all going
to have greens with our meat so we're
going to cook off some war eagle greens
you can use English spinach as a
substitute but these a native spinach
one of the first foods that Captain Cook
ate with Joseph Banks when he discovered
well discovered a country that was never
lost so they just go into the Billy and
in the Billy also i've got some bun your
nuts the bunion art is an australian
chestnut and the meat will pop out the
nut meat will pop out of the shell as it
boils and it's almost like a potato
substitute and our source is just about
done kangaroos looking good we muscle
played it up it's well black isn't it
swirl bleh bleh now the big trick here
is how you present it to stop the plate
getting very very black so what we do
here to shop the bark from going all
over the plate we cut off the edges we
can throw them away you can dust off
your plate a little bit that's important
AZ to always rest game meats because
that tends to increase the softness the
tenderness of the meat and it's been
resting in that paper bark parcel
what I may do simply to dress up the
plate will serve it all on paper bark
which is a fairly traditional method as
well we'll just slice it through i'll
look it's beautifully cooked my war
eagle greens have blanched now we're
eating this straight off so that could
actually go into cold water just to
retain the color all this on a Barbie
Vic all this one of our be in the wild
haha really write down the bottom of our
pot I'll go fishing there's a bunion or
two now bunion ups are incredibly
filling basically one nuttin you've got
all the starchy carbohydrate you need so
we now need our Kwon dong sauce that
adds even more color they're beautifully
and some of our sauce just over the meat
okay now we'll go a little bit
challenging a couple of the grubs bit of
the johnnycake to finish Bush food Allah
camp oven and wildfire Barbie supper it
looks good enough to eat Vic well
anything Oh jumping this week Rick
tender enough long lovely for out here
in the wild Vic this tastes so good
Australia revels in a writer of produce
and wine and here in the Hunter Valley
they've got the lot Brian mcgrogan is
one of the country's leading wine makers
and he took a bit of persuading to allow
me to Barbie on his estate now here's a
hot tip one of the best ingredients for
the perfect barbecue is without doubt a
great location and I think you'll agree
but you can't get better than this no
wonder they call Australia God's great
so let's get cooking and on the menu
Italian lamb patties and classic
marinated steaks what I've got here is a
pound of mint me nice moist lamb mint
there I'm gonna add to that one chopped
red onion just chop it up fine you don't
really really need to worry about it
sort of being sort of finely chopped
into equal pieces I've also got one
handful of basil there just sprinkle
that in look at that the smell of fresh
basil is wonderful and then I've got
here a nice couple of cloves of garlic
again all of that goes inside all their
neighbors will be smelling this over
their fins are tell you I've got here
about two ounces there of semi sun-dried
tomatoes you can buy them at your
supermarket or perhaps your deli if you
haven't gotten the semi sundry just pop
them into your oven on a low tray there
for your overnight or something very
very low of and you can some dry them
yourself now I've also got here two
ounces of pine nuts toasted pine nuts
dry frying pan on the stove just let
them sort of toss over there a little
bit nice medium heat till they're nice
and golden pop those inside and here
I've got four ounces of hard goat cheese
it really smells lovely and out here in
the value they call it tom de shipmates
I'm just gonna shove it in my bowl it is
lovely look at that and over here one
notes of white bread crumbs if you
wanted to use brown you could blob using
wide so will shovel that in there like
that and finally four ounces of shredded
baby spinach just you can use all three
Spears if you want just chop it up nice
and fine and pop that inside look at
that that looks delightful already all
those lovely vibrant colors there I'm
going to mix those together shortly but
first a nice bit of pepper there quite a
bit of pepper because it's gonna make
quite a few little burgers up you
probably get 10 12 it really depends on
the size out of this quantity I know a
good shaking of salt dear lovely aunty
and finally two tablespoons of olive oil
good quality olive oil if you wanted to
just pour that in there like that that's
enough lovely and now comes the
interesting part let your fingers get in
there and have a good i'll rub a dub and
say I really work that in real
get it going there now and you want to
bind it together quite well here it
looks like it's gonna sort of crack up
but really work that meat together it's
got a robust burger actually oh that's
it lovely look at the colors there oh
it's so exciting this and a finally
break off a bit like that and then make
them up into a patty shape really
compress that together they'll be
frightened to give it a good squeeze cup
your hands over and really give that a
good squeeze if you wanted to you could
put them inside a little ring come on
vertical metal rings or something like
that and shake them inside there but I
like to do it on the ends because
sometimes bring burgers and little odd
shape they look quite nice certainly
take the kids out you they always odd
shaped ah lovely just look at that your
lamb patty should be cooking over medium
coals for about 12 to 15 minutes until
they're really nice and juicy and now
the simple marinade take one whole clove
of garlic and just cut that in half all
the way through there look at that pop
that insulate so just push that down so
soak up all that wine flavor I've got
some nice fresh thyme there which will
rip that time like that really doesn't
matter very nonchalant fashion the same
with the rosemary they're fresh rosemary
sprig look I just pulled it off like
that that all just separates beautifully
over our lovely t-bone steaks now inside
here my pistol malt I've got some nice
mixed peppercorns there just give that a
good on grindr bein a don't you don't
worry too much about whether they all
broken up or not just give their
approval it's there like that we're just
going to take those and sprinkle them
right there all over the top of our
steaks and a little drizzle of olive oil
and now there's only one thing missing
Ainsley Ainsley I have just what you
need here Oh fantastic Brian a lovely
bottle of how to valley shiraz been to
Nelson yeah Ainsley this wine is made
from the Shiraz grapes and the Shiraz
grapes have got lots of character and
intensity and that's what you need to
accompany the meat and also the
vegetables of the district that all
so have plenty of flavor tuned and all
the herbs and everything in that will
complement it beautifully you'd of all
you need all that intensity thanks for
bringing it Brian that'll be beautiful
well brian i think is tight for me to
slap my hat on and let's get those
steaks on the barbie Oh make sure you
holds a medium hot and those states will
cook at about two or three minutes on
each side you'll get a nice medium steak
less for rear and a bit more for a
well-done you know I say we got the best
be here in Australia in the bloody world
there is that true absolutely yeah I
wonder v92 this at Brian have you seen
this before how do you like your steak
do you like it rare medium or well-done
that is fantastic I've never seen that
done before no I tell you we Pommies
know everything onto don't wait yeah
that'll be the first bloody time
always take the weather
everywhere you go
always take the way
the fish down under are pretty
spectacular too with more than 100
species auction every day as Sydney's
fast fish market they claim to cook fish
to perfection in the city that's known
as the Paris of the Pacific but had
something to live up to and there's no
excuse to get it wrong as the market
goes to sea from school where the
teacher Luc Mangum is one of ozzy's top
chefs check him out as he cooks
Australia's famous fish delicacy that
barramundi
okay once the fish is boned out you want
to get the olive oil onto the grill nice
nice temperature she's not well on both
sides nice bit of sea bass or salmon
trout good alternative a little bit more
olive oil once it's cooking after a few
minutes golden brown we turn it over to
a both sides
I'm going to take that off now let's get
it good color on the skin to be very
gentle with it that's actually three
quarters cook now pretty much we just
give the girl a good clean down now just
to get any excess oil and fat off we get
some clean olive oil on to the grill
nice and hot so it's slowly smoking away
we put onto the shitake mushrooms
sizzling away their beautiful smell are
giving off a little bit of seasoning
then we're getting nice color on the
mushrooms ice-cold and brown I'd use a
bit of oyster mushrooms or something
like a fat Sam some chestnut mushrooms
would be nice and sex the shiitake could
be a little bit per se they're smelling
beautiful a little bit more soul to
bring the flavor out once the agent
greens get into it will get a babymoon
bak oh yeah you don't have to go to the
mood to get that won't you find a bit of
Pak Choi or savoy cabbage that will do
tossing that just rip that up a little
bit to get it sort of broken into shreds
toss that through then we're getting
into the baby tat SOI we're doing the
same with that it's really coming
together now it's smoking well it smells
great don't worry we got to do is use a
bit of spring greens a handful of adding
baby bok choy just tear it all up again
we're just wilting these leaves down to
get the flavor through a little bit more
olive oil there we go so we just leave
that settle there for a minute now we
start on our sort soy sauce beautiful
means what do you smell that made in
there good magnificent move on to the
mirror and the mirror is going to give a
nice sweet flavor to the dish that's
quite sweet so we put a bit of fish
stock in that too just to break that
down as well it's giving us a quick stir
mixing a bit of the crab now a bit more
salt this is going to be magic gains in
here this is really gonna come together
so here we go with the everything into
the into our sauce crab shitake it's all
blazing I have a little taste of this
mmm wonderful that's gonna be beautiful
in here so what we're gonna do now is
just bring that over to our barramundi
just give it a few scuffles of the
vegetables the mushrooms the crab we can
see it all the juices from the saw in
the mirror and it's beautiful now let's
get it that's going to act as our source
and our glaze for the fish and we just
finish it off with a little bit of the
more mushrooms and greens on top and the
mirror and that'll finish the dish off
it smells good oh no no it's going to
taste good because I cooked it
ines what do you reckon mate fair dinkum
make the way can you see my lobsters
and Big Pimpin easier simply split and
clean your lobster or get your
fishmonger to do it for you
sprinkle on some salt and freshly ground
black pepper drizzle over a little of
your favorite olive oil and slap it
straight onto your Barbie
you just need to ser it over a high heat
for a paltry minute on each side ah it's
simply delicious and the perfect
accompaniment flavored butters to go
with your yourself now will you choose
the caper parsley and garlic butter or
the orange olive oil and chili ah
perhaps the tarragon shot and white wine
is right up your street oh you lucky lot
and swill that luscious lobster down
with a glass of chilled white wine
and now it's farewell with a fiery fruit
from bang
I'm charlie
your heart
you make it happen
you
there's nothing to lose if it's
reaching out and such
thanks will
you got this far
every
make it happen